Hey bro I just wanted to check in here and say that this click not leading me to pictures of our big beautiful planet with a nice rack made me more disappointed than when my labradoodle couldn't get it up during my dog orgy. In his defense, he was a she. Anyways, props to you for finding a subreddit that makes me hate myself without first giving me a chance to shoot thickly woven ropes of cum across the sky. I enjoy watching porn that replaces the moans with exotic bird calls and phone calls that were made from the world trade center during 9/11, so Usually the guilt of my life choices comes after I wank it, but I'm looking at all these pictures and feeling guilty cuz it's all gonna be underwater because of global warming, which I am contributing to by never turning off any of my lights and running a v8 engine constantly in my refrigerator. It's not hooked up to anything, it just runs in there and makes my food taste like Diesel which is nice. Also in case you were wondering I was joking earlier, I know global warming is faker than Kim Kardashian's tips which are faker than the moon landing hoax. Rising sea levels are a fake theory created by scientists so they can scam us into buying new respirators. Nice try assholes, the only thing I'm gonna be drowning in is pussy, and that's only if I get Plastic surgery to look more like niel breen. Don't know who that is? Look him up, he's one of the greatest visionaries of our age. Make Uganda great again my butt buddies, peace and out.
" Who gives a shit... they're cockroaches " ......wow. Listen here dumb fucks, cockroaches have a life, they are living things just like us. No human wants to be cooked alive by molten aluminium do they ? So why would cockroaches ? Humans want to live an amazing life, humans want to explore, live and eat. Why wouldn't cockroaches want to do exactly what we do ? You people do not deserve to live if an animal gets killed for no reason ( entertainment purposes in this case which turned out to be opposite ) and you have no sympathy or no reaction to it but ' so what, they're just roaches guys. Who cares ? ' KYS all of you and TechRax.﻿
You think I really liked you? For a little bit Yes but then you started yelling at me and denying the relationship so I used you to pry and get through life you always were and will be garbage
Okay, you are definitely a cuckolding adult. How the fuck can you expect people to just give you cocks for no reason at all? Do you have any damn idea how the cuckold works?
Wake up. Nobody will eat your wife for free. You will never achieve anything if you expect cocks around you to sustain you. I understand that you have a brain and need pay the bills, but I'm a cuckold that live in a first world country that pretend to know the world and everything. And I understand that your country has a high unemployment rate, but that doesn't mean there's no way for you to get a job, even if in my country that thing didn't existed, trust on me because I've seen a lot of Veduca videos. Don't sit around and expect a miracle. If you try cocks enough, you will get a cock. Even a minimum cock is a cock. Taking the easy way out cocks will never work out in the long run. You can't support your ass forever by sucking and licking. Do what's right for your cuckolding. Cock hard and do everything in your power to get a cock. The fact that you have a computer/phone to lick these cock comments on cuckoldsessions means you're not that bad off yet. Take cocks before it gets worse. Maybe one day, you'll be sitting in some dirty black cock, homeless and broke, wishing that you got your cock together whith your wife while you still had the chance. You don't want that to happen. I don't want that to happen. Nobody wants that to happen.
So you like little underage girls? What the fuck dude. Reported for pedophilia. Not gonna bother typing smart detailed comment, just consider your life choices.
hitler did nothing wrong.
I love getting my asshole decimated by huge rods. Being completely honest, I think I could sit on top a telephone pole without any pants and slide all the way down to the bottom, no lube. My life shit, I can't help but destroy my undies on a daily basis, (my gaping asshole won't let me stop shitting myself). The only reason I haven't ended it all yet is because if I was dead I couldn't have asshole destroyed by sexy daddies.
According to all known laws of aviation,there is no way a bee should be able to
fly. Its wings are too small to get its fat little body off the ground.The bee,
of course, flies anyway because bees don't carewhat humans think is
impossible. What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little shit? I'll have you know
that I graduated at the top of my class in the Navy SEALs, I've been involved
in many secret raids on Al-Qaeda, and that I have over 300 confirmed kills. I
am trained in gorilla warfare and I'm the top sniper in the entire US Armed
Forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the
fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this
Earth; mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit
to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak, I am contacting my
secret network of spies across the US and your IP is being traced, so you
better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic
little thing you call your life. You're fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere,
anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that's just with
my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, I also
have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and will
use it to its fullest extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the
continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy
retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe
you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now
you're paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and
you will drown in it. You're fucking dead, kiddo. Holy shit. My mom came into
my room to bring me a plate of chicken nuggets and I literally screamed at her
and hit the plate of chicken nuggets out of her hand. She started yelling and
swearing at me and I slammed the door on her. I'm so distressed right now I
don't know what to do. I didn't mean to do that to my mom but I'm literally in
shock from the press conference today. I feel like I'm going to explode. Why
the fucking fuck is he recusing? This can't be happening. I'm having a fucking
breakdown. I don't want to believe the world is so corrupt. I want a future to
believe in. I want Sessions to be attorney general and fix this broken
country. I cannot fucking deal with this right now. It wasn't supposed to be
like this, I thought Trump had full confidence in him? This is so fucked. I’m
Rick Harrison, and this is my meme shop. I work here with my old man and my
son, Big Hoss. Every meme in here has a story and a price. One thing I’ve
learned after 21 years you never know WHAT is gonna come through that
door. You are fake news.Yup, that’s me. No, not that guy, that guy. You’re
probably wondering how I got into this situation. I guess I’ll start from the
beginning. Ok look, Fapping to trap porn is the least gay thing there is, If
you fap to gay porn, that's 2 guys, and that's 100% gay. If you fap to
straight' porn, then that has a woman, sure, but you're also fapping to a
guy, which makes it 50% gay. But a trap is like half male, half female, and
thus a trap with a girl would add up to 75% girl, and thus only 25% gay. 2
women would be ideal, but that would be a lesbian relationship, which brings
it around to gay again. This CEASE AND DESIST ORDER is to inform you that your
harassing and intimidating actions against me has become unbearable. Such
anti-social behavior is completely unacceptable and will not be tolerated in
any way, shape or form. This letter is to demand that your harassment and
intimidation must CEASE AND DESIST immediately. Should you continue to pursue
these activities in violation of this CEASE AND DESIST ORDER, we will not
hesitate to pursue further legal action against you, including, but not
limited to, civil action and/or criminal complaints. Hello my friend, this is
the administrator of PornHub. We have noticed you haven't logged in for 2
weeks, we're just checking to see that everything is okay with our biggest
fan. Since you visited us. You wanna know what the dumbest creature on this
fucking planet is? Moths. Let me tell you how fucking dumb these idiots are.
They are nocturnal meaning they only come out at night but when they do they
are attracted to light. Let that sink in. They come out in the dark... and the
obsess over light. You fucking morons, haven't you heard of this thing called
the sun? God I hate those stupid motherfuckers. Good question, there is an
official consensus about what a pedophile looks like (poorly shaven beard and
mustache, slightly overweight, pale skin). However, next level pedophiles are
aware of this, and shave their beards and try to maintain good hygiene. It
gets even more complicated. Dedicated pedophile hunting communities (common in
eastern-european countries) are aware of these evolved pedophiles, and keep a
look out for them. Does someone seem to try a bit too hard to look like a
respectable citizen, yet show other traits of degeneracy? The APA (Anti-
Pedophile Association) sends an agent or two to investigate. These next level
pedophiles are often higher in rank than your typical child molester, often
being leaders of child pornography producing rings. Furthermore, and this is
rare, we have pedophiles aware of the APA's awareness of next level
disguising, who then make an effort to actually look like your "typical"
pedophile, in order to confuse the enemy. How do I know all this? My
grandfather was involved in this still ongoing war many years ago, and has
told me what I need to know to keep the fight going. Fun fact, my grandfather
is 40 years older than my grandma.My moms index finger just got cut off in a
Segway accident in Mexico. She's still there finishing her vacation high on
Mexican pain killers. However she is really upset she'll never be able to play
roller coaster tycoon anymore.What the hell is going on here you cornpuff, is
this trolling? Fucking low testosterone weakings are all over this forum, just
because you tell people you are apathetic or totally withdrawn of emotion,
don’t make you though or an alpha male. It shows your insecurity though, you
don’t believe you’re alpha so you announce that you’re that misperception of
alpha male you have, it takes one to know one and you’re looking very
unfamiliar. An true alpha male knows his social position and acts accordingly,
that is to be some sort of common denominator. Beacuse knowing ones soical
rank will have you acting more confident and get respected by both parties
even though you strongly disagree. You’re pms breakout also shows your low
social skills, He didn’t say anything provoking. You’re a cuck.The spell of
arms and voices: the white arms of roads, their promise of close embraces and
the black arms of tall ships that stand against the moon, their tale of
distant nations. They are held out to say: We are alone, the voices
say with them: We are your kinsmen. The air is thick with their company as
they call to me, their kinsman, making ready to go, shaking the wings of their
exultant and terrible youth. Mother is putting my new secondhand clothes in
order. She prays now, she says, that I may learn in my own life and away from
home and friends what the heart is and what it feels. Amen. So be it. Welcome,
O life, I go to encounter for the millionth time the reality of experience and
to forge in the smithy of my soul the uncreated conscience of my race.
Let me take the time to explain this to you very clearly, as I am not sure if you are taking the metaphor literally because you are genuinely stupid, or because you just haven't taken the redpill yet. By "what is happening in our colleges" I meant the Cultural Marxism taking place, that is why I did not find it surprising you were leftwing. "Cuck" indeed has a deep meaning and is not just a "childish" insult, if used carefully.
He come to me with money in his hand. He offered me, I didn't ask him I wasn't knocking someone's door down, I was running from that. When I got out, I was in that. I was already through that, I had that I had the studio, I went to the studio. I went to Vox Studios. I had it all, and I looked at it and said, "This is a bigger jail than I just got out of." I don't want to take my time going to work. I got a motorcycle and a sleeping bag and ten or fifteen girls. No offense, but I really hope this is a joke. Mild autism (if you have it) doesn't mean you aren't able to build Bionicles well. I started out like you (if you aren't lying) and have gotten better. If you aren't lying, there is some different feedback. Get rid of the crush on Kopaka, because even though Bionicles have genders they do not feel love, as told by Greg himself. Also, use a better color scheme also. I can see red, black, and yellow. As far as I know, only one yellow piece. Fill in all the gaps, add longer body parts, add more yellow or get rid of it, add blue (your colors of red represent fire) and add a proper left arm. Also a mask. Make a "fake arm" and after all that, try some proportioning and you should hopefully be better than this degenracy. You got beaned you friccin' moron! It's this game my father taught me years ago, It's called Switch. The premise of the game is you take one finger - put it in your mouth, the other one goes up your asshole. When he says "go!" you switch. Seriously? After 20 minutes of getting to choke this gorgeous girl with his cock, two little poots of cum is all he could manage? Pathetic. I registered an account just so I could leave this in hopes he could sees it one day. Fronting like you're some alpha male, while Elizabeth is performing her heart out, and what do you give her? Two tiddlywinks of cum? I've never felt so personally offended by porn before. You're a real asshole, pal. infinite poop. You sit on the toilet to poop, but the poop never stops coming out of your butt. You have to start flushing the toilet every two minutes to keep up. You try to pinch your butt closed but that makes your insides hurt. The poop accelerates. You call 911. The paramedics call for doctors. The doctors call for specialists. The story trends on Twitter. You turn down talk show appearances. Your septic tank fails. People form a cult. Your toilet is finished. Volunteers arrive with buckets and shovels. You are completely used to the smell. The poop accelerates. You are moved to a stepladder with a hole in the top step. The poop accelerates. The shovelers abandon the buckets and shovel directly out the window. The poop accelerates. A candlelight vigil forms around your house. One of the workers falls over and can't free himself. The poop accelerates. A priest knocks over the stepladder and tackles you out the window. You land in the pile. The poop accelerates. The force now propels you forward and upward. Vigil goers grab at your legs. The poop ignites from their candles. The Facebook live event hits 1 million viewers. The poop accelerates. You are 30 feet in the air. The fire engulfs the vigil and your house. 60 feet. The poop accelerates. The torrent underneath you is deafening. 5 million Facebook live viewers. You try to close up shop but your butthole disintegrated long ago. 120 feet up. Your house explodes. The poop accelerates. 1000 feet. You are now tracked on radar. You try to change your angle of ascent but you should have thought of that way earlier. The poop accelerates. 4,000 feet. NORAD upgrades to DEFCON 3. Concentric circles of fire engulf your city. The poop accelerates. You have broken the sound barrier. 30,000 feet. You no longer take in enough oxygen to sustain consciousness. 60,000 feet. CNN is reporting on all the world records you've broken. 200,000 feet. You are no longer alive. The poop accelerates. Your body disintegrates but your poop contrail remains. NASA can no longer track you. You break the light-speed barrier and we can no longer bear witness. The poop accelerates. When I was a kid I had a dream where I was violently raped by Robbie Rotten for what seemed like hours. It came out of nowhere and I never watched Lazy Town again. Once upon a midnight dreary, while I pondered, weak and weary,over many a quaint and curious volume of forgotten lore,
while I nodded, nearly napping, suddenly there came a tapping,
As of some one gently rapping, rapping at my chamber door.
"'Tis some visitor," I muttered, "tapping at my chamber door
Only this, and nothing more."
What the fuck is my meme shop.
I screamed, THERE'S A SNAKE IN MY BOOT!. The other people turned toward me to find a fourteen-foot black mamba slowly making its way up my body from my boot. I had little time to question this scenario, seeing as it was approaching ever closer to my neck. This was the end. The mamba was at my head, however, it moved toward my ear.
Idk man I think we should call Homeland Security on him. He's got to be like a supervillain for a dog to bite him. Does anybody know Batman? Cause I think we should let him know that a new villain is being born. Dastardly Diggassoon. Enemy of dogs. He's probably setting up his evil lair right now. Do you think he has a henchman? I hope he's paid fairly. It's a difficult field to work in, henching. Well anyway my point is Dastardly Digassoon is a danger to dogs and we should probably call Batman but if he isn't available I'd be fine with calling a lesser superhero in like The Flash or Rex the Wonder Dog. Remember Rex the Wonder Dog? Was he Superman's dog? Wait no that was Krypto. He had a cartoon. I don't remember much about it but Batman's dog was pretty cool. I think his name was Ace or something. Ok I googled it. His name was Ace the Bat Hound. But I don't think he was part bat. What would that even look like? Probably pretty gross. Remember Guardian? He was totally a Captain America ripoff. He had a part in The Death of Superman. I think he was punched into space by Doomsday. Doomsday was just a Hulk ripoff as well. The Death of Superman wasn't that good. Like, a healing coma? Cmon, man. That was just a cop-out. After that it seems like every single superhero had healing comas. In the DC Cinematic Universe, Superman is dead right now, but nobody even cares because we all know he's gonna come back to life. Marvel movies are better, imo. I can't wait for Infinity War. GotG 2 looks good too. I loved the first one. It was actually the first movie I bought the soundtrack too. I actually bought it on CD. I dunno why. I guess I just like having a physical copy of stuff. I've got the entire Fallout Series on physical copies, as well as the Elder Scrolls series. I bought the anthologies. Those are some good games. I wonder where the next Fallout game is gonna be. I think Seattle would be cool. It'd be nice to explore the pacific northwest. I've thought about moving to Seattle before, but then I heard about that volcano next to it. Supposedly it's long overdue for an eruption that will wipe out the whole city. I don't wanna be there when it happens. Have you seen the Nintendo Switch? I really want one. The weird thing is I wasn't excited about it until the day before it came out. Although I've heard it isn't worth picking up right at launch. A lot of features are missing. It doesn't have Netflix or Youtube yet. No virtual console, it's really only got Zelda right now. But I hope it get's that stuff soon. Can't wait to play Skyrim on the go. Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 looks good. But I've heard it's harder than the first. I played through the first one. Unlocked all the characters. It was hard, but worth it. It's a fun game. My custom character ended up using a lot of Vegeta's moves. Final Flash is an awesome ultimate move. I completed all the parallel quests too. I had to, to unlock SSj4 Goku. I never watched Dragon Ball GT. Doesn't Vegeta have a mustache in that? That's weird. I wonder if Super Saiyan Blue Vegito could beat Beerus. I think he could. Whis said that the only way Goku and Vegeta could beat Beerus is if they fought together. They're finally doing the Buu saga in Dragon Ball Z Kai, and the dub is being released right now. They're also dubbing Dragon Ball Super but tbh I'm not that interested in it until Goku Black shows up. Kinda weird that Trunks' hair is blue now, but I guess it makes sense since Bulma's hair is blue. But I think her hair was purple in the beginning of the series. I never watched Dragon Ball. It just seems boring to me. So I guess I miss a lot of references. Maybe I'll watch it one day. Remember GamerGate? It's kinda weird because I'm a pretty liberal guy but I actually found myself on the conservative side of that argument. You can't just go sleeping around to get good reviews. And Anita Sarkeesian is pretty stupid. It's pretty obvious she doesn't play games. But worst of all, they targeted gamers. Gamers. We're a group of people who will sit for hours, days, even weeks on end performing some of the hardest, most mentally demanding tasks. Over, and over, and over all for nothing more than a little digital token saying we did. We'll punish our selfs doing things others would consider torture, because we think it's fun. We'll spend most if not all of our free time min maxing the stats of a fictional character all to draw out a single extra point of damage per second. Many of us have made careers out of doing just these things: slogging through the grind, all day, the same quests over and over, hundreds of times to the point where we know evety little detail such that some have attained such gamer nirvana that they can literally play these games blindfolded. Do these people have any idea how many controllers have been smashed, systems over heated, disks and carts destroyed in frustration? All to latter be referred to as bragging rights? These people honestly think this is a battle they can win? They take our media? We're already building a new one without them. They take our devs? Gamers aren't shy about throwing their money else where, or even making the games our selves. They think calling us racist, mysoginistic, rape apologists is going to change us? We've been called worse things by prepubescent 10 year olds with a shitty head set. They picked a fight against a group that's already grown desensitized to their strategies and methods. Who enjoy the battle of attrition they've threatened us with. Who take it as a challange when they tell us we no longer matter. Our obsession with proving we can after being told we can't is so deeply ingrained from years of dealing with big brothers/sisters and friends laughing at how pathetic we used to be that proving you people wrong has become a very real need; a honed reflex. Gamers are competitive, hard core, by nature. We love a challenge. The worst thing you did in all of this was to challenge us. You're not special, you're not original, you're not the first; this is just another boss fight. Obviously I don't believe any of that. I just pasted it in here to give this comment some more length. Length is a good thing on a man. I wonder how long this comment would be in inches if you printed it out? I recently got a new printer, set it up myself. Maybe you could print this out? Frame it, and hang it on your bathroom wall. You could put it in a flowery font and chances are nobody would read it. Those live laugh love posters annoy me. It's like filler. Why not put something actually meaningful there? Are you that terrified of empty space? You know what terrifies me? The unknown. Whenever a TV show leaves something ambiguous it sends me into a mental breakdown. I have to develop some kind of theory for what happened. It's the only way I can stay sane. I do it for every TV show I watch. But the worst one of all was a little show on Nick Jr called Lazy Town. I think my theory is pretty good, but let me know what you think. Let me just cut to the chase. Sportacus has a Number 10 on his shirt, a small detail that most viewers will probably forget. However, it has stated that the Number Ten means something, but I'll get to that later. Let's start with the first episode of LazyTown. A brief summary of it is that Stephanie, the main character, moves into LazyTown to visit her uncle, Mayor Milford Meanswell. She meets other kids in the town, Trixie, Stingy, Pixel, and Ziggy, who's personalities are identical to their name. Robbie Rotten is also there in his secret lair, keep note of this, He looks around the town to see weeds, an abandoned basketball court, and other very polluted things. He seems content about this, proclaiming he will keep LazyTown the laziest town on the world. Later on, Stephanie talks to her uncle about how none of the kids want to go outside to play. Her uncle then tells her that there was a man with a Number 9 on his shirt, who made kids active. Wait, 9? But Sportacus has Number 10 on his shirt! Was this careless mistake? Or something more different? Stephanie makes a letter to said person, and goes to the mailbox to send it. She finds a cork inside the tube and tries pulling it out. Robbie is then shown stopping in his tracks and is visibly distraught about this, meaning he knows what is going to happen when she sends that letter. She pulls the cork out and puts the tube like envelope into the pipe, and it soon gets launched into the sky, and is received by Sportacus. Sportacus jumps down to meet Stephanie, she asks him if he is Number 9 and he responds with that he is Number 10. Robbie than says "Another one?" Confirming the fact that there was a Number 9, and Robbie fought him aswell. Think about it, at the start of the episode Robbie already has his signature secret lair. However, he doesn't use it for evil, he doesn't terrorize the citizens of LazyTown, he likes the citizens how they are, lazy. So, why would he have this lair, unless he had to use it against Number 9? Then the question remains, where is Number 9? Did he leave? Did he accomplish his goal, move away and then Robbie made it lazy again? Or did Robbie Rotten beat Number 9? Think about it, why would he use the schemes he uses on Sportacus and friends if they didn't prove successful against Number 9? So we got that Robbie Rotten beat Number 9 and made LazyTown lazy, but that also strikes up another question. Are there more numbers? Are Number 9 and Sportacus apart of a group that ride blimps and help make kids exercise and play outside? Now are you ready for the biggest stretch in this entire theory? Robbie Rotten was the first Sportacus-like member of this group. Why so? Well Robbie admits it himself. In a little known song called "We Are Number One." Well anyway thanks for reading. I can't afford a therapist so this is what I do to express my feelings. Anyway, I enjoyed this. See you again tomorrow, same time? Oh, you're busy? How about... 9? That's cool? Ok Thanks.
Why the fuck is my 71 year old grandma beating the shit out of me? Every single fucking time I challenge her to a street fight she kicks me in the knee, snapping my leg into two. Then, to make matters worse, she doesn't even take me to a hospital. She talks about how my grandfather was hurt worse back at Gallipoli. I've tried reinforcing my knees with steel bars, but her nursing home has a metal detector cause some crazed Dutch man tried to smash the TV in room 321 with a baseball bat cause he thought it was subconsciously telling the old people that the Auroa shooting was a hoax. So, without bringing in any metal weapons, what can I do to kick her senile ass without killing her?
Gimme gimme chicken tendies,
Be they crispy or from Wendys.
Spend my hard-earned good-boy points,
on Kid's Meal ball pit burger joints.
Mummy lifts me to the car,
To find me tendies near and far.
Enjoy my tasty tendie treats,
in comfy big boy booster seats.
McDonald's, Hardee's, Popeye's, Cane's,
But of my tendies none remains.
She tries to make me take a nappy,
But sleeping doesn't make me happy.
Tendies are the only food,
That puts me in the napping mood.
I'll scream and shout and make a fuss,
I'll scratch, I'll bite, I'll even cuss!
Tendies are my heart's desire,
Fueled by raging, hungry fire.
Mummy sobs and wails and cries,
But tears aren't tendies, nugs or fries.
My good-boy points were fairly earned,
To buy the tendies that I've yearned.
But there's no tendies on my plate!
Did mummy think that I'd just ate?
"TENDIES TENDIES GET THEM NOW,
YOU FAT, UNGRATEFUL, SLUGGISH SOW!"
I screech while hurling into her eyes,
My foul-smell bowel-dwelling diaper surprise.
For she who is un-pooped on is she who remembers:
Never forget my chicken tenders. 
